see you may find hard to believe it is a
tale of the supernatural an experience
of the occult beyond all imagination it
is a story of frightening monsters of
human origin could only be repulsed by
monsters more would like the underworld
demons who avenge spilt family blood you
will see these avenging spirits
relentlessly punished the murderers to
infinity even the gods could not stop
this in level 4 little strange
maybe
judge for yourself the destroyers
morick deadly Messiah I come handy I
killed a man once a person's summoned
Mrak he would always sold to the demon
forever
thank you ready to go out and raise some
hell we cleave our massacre
for crazed killers butchered his wife
his son that is gone he called upon a
demon to a hen's the death of his family
[Music]
the occult powers no no mercy and
believe no place to hide from the
terrible revenge
[Music]
here's my theory
son
Dirk
[Music]
[Applause]
can fill
[Music]
weren't killed by the fourth man they
keep them silent
the professor did it somehow he's been
able to call up some sort of power and
send it after the people that he thinks
killed his family I think even though
his body was trapped in a hospital bed
his mind call of all the occult powers
for revenge and they answered
[Music]
meat cleaver massacre takes you for a
roller coaster ride through the twisted
canon
amended mine
[Music]